Learning outcomes to be demonstrated
LO2 Use HTML, CSS and JavaScript in the design and creation of web pages.
LO3 Use JavaScript to manipulate the DOM
LO4 Debug and optimise client-side code
LO5 Deploy websites online

Project Requirements:
The theme of the project is "Sustainability".
• Every team member is required to design and develop a webpage using HTML, CSS
and include JS to manipulate the DOM

• The website needs to be responsive

• There must also be a gallery with at least 4 images

• There must be a form with at least 5 fields and uses JS for validation of the fields

• Navigation across all webpages must be implemented

• There needs to be a mini game using JS that includes randomisation

• The report needs to document the image optimisation, HTML validation, Google
page speeds, etc.

• You need to provide the link to the deployed website

• You need to provide a link to each team members' GitHub account where their
work can be seen (at least 4 commits) in a public repository
Report

• Document (.DOCX) version: wordcount is max. 1000 words
OR
• Video presentation: 10-15 minutes long max. If you choose this format, upload a text
document (.DOCX or .PDF) providing the following:
o Link to the video presentation file that any NCI staff member can view
o Link to the deployed website
o Links to all the team members personal GitHub accounts



HTML ELEMENTS
1. Navbar
2. Forms
3. images --- should be cropped using the online tools (resize)
4. Favicon for the page
5. Media -- yt video for example
6. 











IDEA 
Sustainability in fashion -- an app that allows people to rent clothes/ shoes for big events
form to fill - size and requirements of the product needed / inquiry about availability
Images of products available
Theme of the website on how it promotes sustainability -- online

Game - ruffle like when you are a logged in memebr, which allows you to pick up random cards that are gifts--- like gift cards wins


How to turn different used products into reusable ones



Welcome message: Welcome to Ecco fashion, where we believe in fashion with a purpose. Our mission is to revolutionize the way you experience style by seamlessly blending sustainability and chic aesthetics. 

About message: Embark on a journey with us as we transform the concept of fashion. We specialize in recycling and upcycling clothes to craft stunning new outfits that not only make a statement but also contribute to a greener, more sustainable planet. Every piece tells a unique story of renewal and eco-friendly innovation.

Why buy when you can rent? ReStyle Rhythms presents a curated collection of reused outfits for every occasion. Embrace the joy of sustainable fashion by renting outfits that showcase your style without compromising the environment. Our diverse range ensures you always find the perfect look for any event.